capital = 43
oob = "ic_HUN_1936_army.txt"

set_convoys = 200

set_research_slots = 3

set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.6

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.3.31"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 31
	neutrality = 44
}

recruit_character = HUN_miklos_horthy
recruit_character = HUN_matyas_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_arpad_szakasits
recruit_character = HUN_geza_lakatos
recruit_character = HUN_ivan_hindy
recruit_character = HUN_karoly_beregfy
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_veress
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_feketehalmyczeydner
recruit_character = HUN_istvan_szechenyi
recruit_character = HUN_francois_deak
recruit_character = HUN_gyorgy_jendrassik
recruit_character = HUN_jeno_ratz
recruit_character = HUN_henrik_werth
recruit_character = HUN_hugo_sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_jany
recruit_character = HUN_dezso_laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_reszo_kastner
recruit_character = HUN_shvoy_kalman
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_magyarossy
recruit_character = HUN_bela_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_kanya
recruit_character = HUN_jozsef_szell
recruit_character = HUN_vilmos_roder
recruit_character = HUN_zoltan_tildy
recruit_character = HUN_laszlo_rajk
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_daranyi
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_remenyi_schneller
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_gratz
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_gombos_de_jakfa
recruit_character = HUN_otto_von_habsburg
recruit_character = HUN_franz_friedrich

add_ideas = {
	civilian_economy
	export_focus
	limited_conscription

	HUN_ID_treaty_of_trianon
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1

	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

### equipment ###

#add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
#	type = infantry_equipment_0
#	amount = 5000
#	producer = HUN
#}