capital = 2
load_focus_tree = italian_focus
oob = "ic_ITA_1936_army"
set_naval_oob = "ic_ITA_1936_fleet"


set_research_slots = 3
navy_experience = 0

set_convoys = 800

set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.4

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 73
	communism = 2
	neutrality = 5
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1934.3.26"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}


create_country_leader = {
	name = ITA_benito_mussolini
	picture = "GFX_portrait_ITA_benito_mussolini"
	ideology=fascism_ideology
	traits={ il_duce }
	id = -1
}

recruit_character = ITA_benito_mussolini
recruit_character = ITA_grand_council
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele_iii
recruit_character = ITA_ferruccio_parri
recruit_character = ITA_rodolfo_graziani
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_badoglio
recruit_character = ITA_emilio_de_bono
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cavallero
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_messe
recruit_character = ITA_sebastiano_visconti_prasca
recruit_character = ITA_ubaldo_soddu
recruit_character = ITA_italo_balbo

recruit_character = ITA_ettore_bastico
recruit_character = ITA_italo_gariboldi
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_pintor
recruit_character = ITA_mario_berti
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_geloso
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_tellera
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_zingales
recruit_character = ITA_ezio_rosi
recruit_character = ITA_mario_vercellino
recruit_character = ITA_prince_filiberto
recruit_character = ITA_prince_adalberto
recruit_character = ITA_prince_umberto
recruit_character = ITA_alessandro_pirzio_biroli
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_vecchiarelli
recruit_character = ITA_mario_robotti
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_baldassarre
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_guillet
recruit_character = ITA_annibale_bergonzoli
recruit_character = ITA_hamid_idris_awate
recruit_character = ITA_ibrahim_farag_mohammed
recruit_character = ITA_prince_aimone

recruit_character = ITA_inigo_campioni
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_da_zara
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_fioravanzo
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_bergamini
recruit_character = ITA_angelo_iachino
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_di_bartolo
recruit_character = ITA_junio_valerio_borghese

recruit_character = ITA_alfredo_guzzoni
recruit_character = ITA_renato_sandalli
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_pricolo
recruit_character = ITA_silvio_scaroni
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_ambrosio
recruit_character = ITA_arturo_riccardi
recruit_character = ITA_mario_roatta
recruit_character = ITA_marziale_cerutti
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_muti
recruit_character = ITA_gaetano_crocco
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_mascherpa
recruit_character = ITA_domenico_cavagnari
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_mecozzi
recruit_character = ITA_rino_corso_fougier
recruit_character = ITA_giacomo_acerbo
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_marinelli
recruit_character = ITA_serafino_mazzolini
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_farinacci
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_thaon_di_revel
recruit_character = ITA_dino_grandi
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_scorza
recruit_character = ITA_gian_galeazzo_ciano

recruit_character = ITA_alberto_pariani
recruit_character = ITA_romeo_bernotti
recruit_character = ITA_aldo_pellegrini
recruit_character = ITA_achille_starace
recruit_character = ITA_renato_ricci
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_favagrossa
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_beneduce
recruit_character = ITA_guido_jung
recruit_character = ITA_adelchi_serena
recruit_character = ITA_curzio_malaparte
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_bottai
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_fermi
recruit_character = ITA_raffaele_de_courten

recruit_character = ITA_comitato_di_liberazione_nazionale
recruit_character = ITA_papa_pio_xi
recruit_character = ITA_papa_pio_xii
recruit_character = ITA_antonio_gramsci

recruit_character = ITA_robert_longhi
recruit_character = ITA_mario_castoldi
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_giorgi
recruit_character = ITA_filippo_bonfiglietti
recruit_character = ITA_curio_bernardis

add_ideas = {
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	limited_exports
	limited_conscription

	vittorio_emanuele
	vittoria_mutilata
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	armored_car1 = 1

	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1

	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	#basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	basic_small_airframe = 1
	aircraft_construction = 1
	aa_lmg = 1

	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_refining = 1

	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_light_shell = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_medium_shell = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_shell = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
}


### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Hawker Hurricane"
	type = small_plane_airframe_1
	design_team = mio:ENG_supermarine_organization
	modules = {
		fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
		engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Hawker Typhoon"
	type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
	design_team = mio:ENG_supermarine_organization
	modules = {
		fixed_main_weapon_slot = tank_buster_1
		engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
		special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		special_type_slot_2 = dive_brakes_small
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Fairey Gordon"
	type = small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_1
	#design_team = mio:ENG_supermarine_organization
	modules = {
		fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
		engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
		special_type_slot_1 = floats
		special_type_slot_2 = lmg_defense_turret
	}	
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment
	amount = 500
	producer = ITA
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_0
	amount = 5000
	producer = ITA
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_1
	amount = 10000
	producer = ITA
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = train_equipment_1
	amount = 100
	producer = ITA
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = motorized_equipment_1
	amount = 350
	producer = ITA
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = anti_air_equipment_1
	amount = 500
	producer = ITA
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = anti_tank_equipment_1
	amount = 900
	producer = ITA
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = artillery_equipment_1
	amount = 1280
	producer = ITA
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = small_plane_airframe_1
	amount = 300
	producer = ITA
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
	amount = 100
	producer = ITA
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_1
	amount = 100
	producer = ITA
}